we're back it on
fishing for the elusive alligator gar I
don't know what elusive mean so dinosaur
alligator gar I'm gonna tell you a
little bit about armament vials
prehistoric alligator gar number one
thing the easiest thing to learn about
them is that alligator gar are actually
prehistoric dinosaurs they haven't
changed much actually I don't think
they've changed it all except for their
size they've been with us for millions
of years and they are the second largest
fish in North America
besides the sturgeons that the sturgeon
is the first in north america and the
very alligator gar huh
fatter mountain mouths and long nosed
and spotted spotted gar you can tell the
difference from alligator gar because
they ask box on them in the long-nosed
car has a thinner and longer snout an
alligator gar it's wider bigger and I'm
a bigger snout and when you see those
guards come out of the water they on the
hot days like this is actually the best
time to go fishing for them because they
breathe air I know you can't believe it
what they breathe air I know that they
don't breathe as long as snake heads or
any of them but when I get tall like
this they come up for oxygen because
there's when it gets hot the hotness
takes away all the oxygen in the water
and there are one
well all the fish move to other places
the GAR stay here because they can come
out of the water and breathe the air and
get oxygen
so that's on the hot page when y'all see
a whole bunch of those don't call them
big alligators and don't blame stuff on
the alligator gar because alligator gar
they look mean but they are actually an
very nice thing you got my River
Monsters whole bunch of people were
blaming Gator guard we're chilling
people but get all something with the
alligator gar alligators I mean but
they're but alligator gars are nicer
than alligator when we catch on this
court down court down court down
we've got the court down
go ahead free-spool it we didn't pull
any tension daddy
there goes that well you almost lost
that right no it bendy crazy
it did yes to corks down big cork down
all we're gonna let that one swallow it
oh we got the big one down big ones down
big one is down
uggg daddy with the other rod okay let
him go don't take it don't take it then
I'm run with it
how's it feel you feel the power
yeah they're all muscle aren't they
okay that's okay here let's see what it
looks like okay let go back down there
you go that's a nice thank you thank you
you've wanted to catch one of these pull
them up some more so we can see him pull
them all there by you
there you go what do you think about
your fish look at that look at that
there's your gar look at me Oh what that
you're gar
yeah there it is what do you think about
it okay let's get ready to release it
okay
you look like a tarpon when you put his
head like he wants to go ahead and know
your Sharks are bigger but you've been
waiting to catch one of those for a year
two years yeah there's so many
surely would
you